# QISE-2023
This is my work from quantum computing course I took in the spring of 2023
For my quantum game, I have taken inspiration from my favorite game Undertale. I found it a comforting game to play while recovering from COVID and I hoped that I could take something from the game and reproduce it in my quantum project. Many of Undertale’s game's mechanics, particularly the fighting scenes, are similar to a quantum game I found online called Quantum Tower. Quantum Tower utilizes true random by introducing seeds that effectively generate random numbers. This is then transformed into an ever-changing array of asteroids that have to be shot down by the spaceship. I want to use similar methods in order to recreate the scene from Mettaton’s cooking show in which he throws down ingredients from the sky to obstruct the play from reaching the “MTT-BRAND ALWAYS-CONVENIENT HUMAN-SOUL-FLAVOR-SUBSTITUTE” at the top of the tower. 
From what we learned thus far on superposition, the possibility to create a true random simulator is dependent on this factor of being able to be in multiple states at once. If we can hone in on the probability of being in said states, then it is possible to create a true random. This probability factor is then combined with a Hadarmard gate which creates a random input of 0 or 1. For x in range is used to first select 0 or 1. Then the Hadamard gate is applied to the qubit which is then measured with the qc.measure function. Finally, the job is executed with a resulting value of 0 or 1. To make this a true random though, a special math function is added to convert the binary number created by combining the bit values and converting that number to a decimal. There is also a random function in python that could be used but I’m not entirely sure if it can be combined with the previously described math function to create a true random.
Connecting back to the idea of my game, I would likely switch things out to make things more simplistic. For instance, the different ingredients that fall would be just one (this would likely be the small bits of yeast used to make the pizza dough). I also would have to look into how to create a visual for the game. I’m not entirely sure of how that works, but again it would be more simplistic than it is in the real game.
